movie was just awesome... first kannada movie i watched twice on big screen :) hats of to mr director n his entire crew :) | negative
dear pawan kumar... was blessed to witness the masterpiece at a movie theater in bangalore couple of days ago. it was a struggle to make it to a movie theater due to my hectic blore trip but the effort was worth every second. hats off to the simple yet meaningful screenplay and excellent editing. kudos to you and your entire team.on a lighter note, i am fortunate to share your name. may god bless you with lots of energy and health for countless exciting work from you and your team. | positive
kannada movies really very interesting better then before i proud to be a kannadiga wish you all the success all the very best for sandalwood....jamaisro maga takkar cinemakanla ithu | positive
a perfect medley of big league hits including requiem for a dream, fear and loathing in las vegas and trainspotting to name a few. accolades to the director for a job well done !!! | positive
lucia in a different canvas....excellent...looking for theatres | negative
user ratings for lucia (2013/i) 1804 imdb users have given a weighted average vote of 7.8 / 10 probably the first kannada movie on imdb to have received more than a thousand votes! | negative
katrina's secret video exposed fit6u.com | positive
epic movie.......! please so watch the movie.. | positive
brilliant movie.. ! | positive
one of the best kannada movie in the recent times. i urge everybody to watch this movie. | positive
hi pavan your thinking is immersive, ur movie is breath taking, ur now an kannadigas trasure. i watched ur movie 3 times, this movie is kannadas hollywood inception. i am so worried that lucia piracy movie leaked in full hd in karnataka. so i want u to take some care to remove. i am ur lucia true fan and i wish ur reply to | positive
kudos pawan, well deserved success! | positive
pawan really great direction | negative
this movie is awesome. thnks at_user want more movie of this type.... really spent nice time on concentrating... feels so good watching this type of movies in kannada | negative
finally an inspirational & life changing book in this decade-one book for life success by mr venu g.somineni. | positive
just saw this movie..bloody awesome.. | negative
keka boos | negative
dude!! one cannot say a film is similar because the story is based on similar concepts!! if its is like that, then for u apthamitra will have resemblance to anniyan, right? but its utterly false. so think maadi boss | negative
niceeeeeeeeeee | negative
movie was awesome.. thnx to pawan for his fabulous direction n creative tots... we kannadigas appreciate your new concept of story n extraction of new talents.. hats of to new team. satish has done fabulous acting.. music rockzzz:)) | positive
@ pawan. respect you a lot sir! admire your style of movie making. next to aarya kandam (tamil), i loved your movie (lucia) a lot. expecting to watch your "life ishtene" dvd. keep rocking. best wishes to your team. | positive
best of luck | positive
my story!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i took atarax tablet; hydroxyzine for my itchy reddish, irritating skin as a treatment schedule, after 2-3 days i was getting dreams of my relatives like brother and sister were died, on alternate days, means one day my brother died, another day my sister was died, that was unbelievable dreams made me to believe after dreams also to be like true | negative
so i was scared like any thing. then i went my native, there all are healthy and alive i found the same. thank god after watching this movie, i came to the side effects of hydroxine tablet study about other drugs of psychiatry, make one more lucia as lucia 2 bye thanks | positive
lucia is my own experience what i saw in theatre' great movie. jai karnataka | positive
hey boss please watch memento and shutter island also...will explain all three together | positive
its just a pure kannada movie. no remake of any other movie. if you make such movies every week i will see a kannada movie. after 2 yrs saw a kannada movie. | positive
brilliant kannada movie. after 2 yrs saw a kannada movie and really happy to see. first time to see a kannada movie where its only movie. please make such brilliant movies more. for sure i am going to watch it 3 times. hat's of to the director and the story writer specially. please encourage such writers more , kannada films will grow more. | positive
hat's off to the director | negative
hats of to the director | negative
great job director.. | positive
liked the movie a lot. i just found that it draws inspiration from limitless, inception & memento. but producing such a technically sound movie with the low budget is really a huge challenge. hats off pawan kumar... | negative
i watched this twice and will definitely go once more!! | positive
i really dedicated to this to film to myself......... i appreciate this film, he is history maker.. | positive
just now i read about this movie in the hindu, being a telugu person i want to learn kannada to touch the soul of the movie | positive
pls some1 explain the movie last 15 mins my id amguruprasath1996at_user the climax i dint get to kno..pls | negative
draws a lot of inspiration from memento and inception (both nolan movies).. however, that doesn't undermine the direction and cinematography.. the script is entirely local (that cannot be copied from a hollywood movie) drawing inspiration from great movies and applying it to a whole new specific story - is a fantastic achievement... magnificent direcction, good acting.. and a well knit plot. | positive
movie is fully based on kanakadasa's keerthane. i think tat man had seen god in dream & it as cum true..... | positive
concept seems almost similar to inception but i hope u have researched about lucid dreams n u synchronized da story in indian style!! very good direction bro its not tat easy to handle this kinda tough stories im happy u did it! n i loved it :) congrats :) | positive
totaly i like sathishaaa... because we expect more sathishaaa...from drama days ..&i hope our naturel hero dont dis oppointed me so this sunday i go with my family ... & best of luck to our satheeshaaa ..& also the director should take more risk over satheshaa but sir dont worry u realy reached the goal... ..... | positive
i felt very happy movie released in pune...i watched nice movie...thank you for giving good movie for kannada industry | positive
guru movie super but ond doubt,producer mathu co producer hesaru torsbekare sumaru 150 jana idru(audience movie),but movie turnover yarige??? | positive
good movie ... first its kind of movie in kannada . great creativity also you can see in the movie. but i guess he taken inspiriation from inception movie thats lead to u & hero confusion about dream & reality. | negative
by the looks of it... the story is based on a hollywood movie starring christian bale "the machinist". need to watch and decide. | negative
well at the beginning you'd get a feeling that it resembles 'the machinist'. pretty much his sleeplessness and hallucinations. yet to watch it though! | negative
inception? lol, dude, grow up! | negative
awesome... nyc movie...everyone must watch... | positive
great pawan. hope nimma fountain head of creativity keeps doling out such gems. congrats on a great movie! | positive
the best thing about the film was not the twist or different concept but the art of fusion of nativity into it very well done without going for out and out influence of other concept films which makes it stand on its own. | positive
i won't mind a massage. | positive
awesome movie. must watch ! kudos to the lucia team it can be compared to inception !! :) | positive
i hope this will b a good movie, which gives a good massage to people, good luck to loosia team.......... | positive
buying the music now. will watch the movie too and i hope it runs for a long time :) all the best! | negative
good trailer | negative
nyc trailer...hope hit d screens soon...!! | positive
sakathagide wating for pavans direction.. | negative
have u seen figh club properly chetan kumar in tat movie the protagonist who suffers from insomnia creates another personality and so he goes on a rampage but this movie as u see in trailer is related to drugs n sutff | positive
i am not sure of thought process or anything like that but if its a copy then it doesnt deserve any credit..just because a student worked hard in the exam hall to copy others answer doesnt mean he deserves the end result !!!! | negative
i'm waiting fr this movie............... | positive
looks good. waiting for the movie. | negative
well, i don't see the air that needs to cleared. the english movie you mentioned here are two great movie. but comparing them with manasaare and lucia doesn't justify ones hard work. may be the movie carries same essence and idea from english movie but bringing a parallelism takes a lot of hard work, creativity and huge thought process, especially when the audience are different. | positive
very good experiment, i hope your experiment will cure the audience pain in some extent.. good work mr.pavan | positive
request you not to make ppl wait too much... u knw wt hpnd to h2o .. | negative
pavan kumarat_user r d god gift for kannada industry.... we need innovator not a remaker | positive
hey niz trailer bro nd nangnsutte idu hangover movie-du story tarane irbahudu anta!!!! | positive
if u mean d split personality used frm fight club ... then its already been used in psycho ...that is not exactly what fc is cult for...its usp was its radical social msg , which nobody was very comfortable with when it was released.... even the book met with same fate i suppose ...but it was received well later on ... as for presentation of the movie it seem more draw towards documentary style(film festivals)..i do agree its nt unique..bt its gd 2 c such a mov in kannada | negative
sandalwood seems to be changing for good...gr8 | positive
please release the movie in hyderabad and chennai also. | positive
movie baro tanka yellanu adimkond irrapa... yak iruve bitkoltira.. and pawan all the best with our audience :) | negative
awesome!!! | negative
pavanji u r a role model | positive
prapanchadalli iro ella maklu nu onde tara uttodu swamy! don't worry, it's got very little to do with fight club. i have already watched it twice! | negative
many of rehman's tracks resembles many english album, dude. once in an interview, cyrus broacha asked abt it to rehman, his reply was, if he had not follow or add such copied tunes, he wudn't be 'a.r. rehman' wat we r seeing him. djs mix the different music for remix, he'll be success only when he knows 'what to remix, how to remix..etc'. so, just take it if it sounds gud. dats it. if times come, if required, he'll reveal :-). \m/ | positive
amazing trailor director boss hope to see movie first show in main theatre | negative
hi... pawan please try 2 release in dubai......... | positive
sir icant sleep realese the movie......... | negative
in what way did you find manasaare similar to 'one flew over the cuckoo's nest' ? the basic plot of the movie itself is totally different. and coming to this trailer, come on this is just a trailer. having 'insomnia' as a concept doesn't mean it is similar to fight club. anyways, now since the movie is being screened at liff, definitely it cant have any similarity to fight club :) | negative
superb ! i like the trailer, want to watch full movie but in english or hindi dubbed, is it possible ? | positive
amazing trailer ... hope to see this movie in theatre | positive
sir i want to work with u sir .. my cont no : 8880959541 | negative
good job in kannada industris. | positive
superb trailor | positive
halka nan makalra... keep up the work i say good job | positive
superb.......trailer thumba channagide, songs impagive. | positive
superb........i love it.......we were waiting for this type of movie kannada but....without promotion will not success | negative
yup :p his voice | negative
that's not his voice i think | negative
movie is not even released. ishtu speculation matte negativity yake??. even if it is copied know that plagiarism is an art:) | positive
pawan tamma pratibhe node tumba khushi agtide, technically and yist talent an kannada film inds ge dedicate madirodu yinnu grate.. really we fedup with current kannada movie.. other than some good ones,like uppi's, yogaraj, guruprasad.. thanks for new dimension in kannada, | positive
pavan sir..trailer is awesome...all the best for ur movie...and we support u for all the new ideas u are bringing up..wish very good luck... | positive
keep watching and encouraging our movies...... | positive
true that.... | positive
i've seen fightclub,machinist.there's no resemblence except insomnia..... | negative
hi chethan, even i feel the same. this looks to be simiar to fight club, hope director pavan has seen that movie. hope director pavan clarifies this... | positive
good.............. | negative
great job sir... we r having a lot of hopes on u, your earlier movie lifu ishtene was also a creative n experimental movie. great going, our support r always with u.... | positive
ur the great director | positive
super making i like ur movie | positive
good point raghu. internet annodhu mangana kaige maanikya kottangaagidhe. enuu maadakkaagalla strange thing is 5 people even liked his comment | negative
vinay, jbx264 thharada gaandugaligella internet sikkare aagodhu idhe, neenu tale kedisikollabeda | negative
, . . (manasaare and ofocn comparison actually makes your statement invalid, still....) limitless, cinema paradiso , "" ( ). , foley recording . . | positive
watch the sequel : after_lucia , spanish movie ! :p juz kidding.. respect !! | positive
super pavan.... | positive
2:00 a siddi in the movie!!!!! after a long time.. i guess the last one was in boothayana maga ayyu.. good job by giving chances to them | negative
the only link between fight club and this movie is insomnia .. if that is the case i am brad pitt !!! :d i guess its in no way similar ! but would really love it if kannada movie makers would watch such movies and get an inspiration from it than to watch the cheap telugu and hindi movies and remake em ... | positive
vishwanath.987kiranat_user | negative
soooo far ....... so good...... | negative
dude i watched fight club as well.there's no similarity....lets wait for the movie... | positive
neen kano bevarsi....... | negative
will watch and come back to u..... | positive
shut up man...i've watched the machinist where the person is suffering from insomnia.that is the only thing which is matching.....every 1 knows who is posting idiotic comments...watch lucia and then come here to comment on that.dont simply post comments like a fool.. | positive
gubald i just saw 'the machinist' now.there's no such resemblence.if u find any share it..... | positive
watch 'fight club', if u can? | positive
ley ajam, nin antha bevarsi ge "resemblance" gothagala bidu. first learn to spell correctly before posting your idiotic comments | positive
please explain where you saw the resemblance to fightclub. manasaare and one flew over the cuckoo's nest were deeply connected!!!! please explain how?(except for the mental hospital) | positive
pawan sir........... am a big fan of u n i wanna meet u n work with u as i also have some new creative ideas n have dream to create a world premiere movie in kannada... | positive
this is brilliant! :) the way the whole thing has been shot.. at_user : you've raised the bar to a different level.. never expected to see off-beat films in "sandalwood" atleast! :) cheers!! and yes if you're still looking for singers, or any creative assistance, i could be of some help! :) do let me know pawan.. | positive
love the fresh tune of this song - youtube.com/watch?v=01hi-8scisa movie looks promising... waiting besides inox without sleep :) | negative
superb film i love kannada only | positive
is this movie available only online?? won't it get released in theatres?? | negative
pawan you're probably the best young directors to enter kannada industry. wish that lucia too will become a big hit like lifeu ishtene. | negative
simply awesome.. not watched kannada movie for last few years.. this movie will make me go to theatre..need a serious shift in kannada movie making from.. just fighting, poor boy-rich girl, mandatory villain, pathetic script, poor direction..etc. best thing that i see in lucia trailer is.. cinema photography, freshness, cast.. i am kannadiga and love to see kannada language movie to expand its reach to intelligent and tasteful audience but voluntarily ithrough mproving quality of our movies.. | positive
probably the last few years you have missed lot of good kannad movies. its time you catch up all of them. | negative
by looking at this trailer & quality of the photography, i pre-ordered this movie (by paying 2,500/- rupees ). request the viewers to support this unique initiative of pawan by pre-ordering the movie. | negative
super sir!! heavy thrill ide ansutte. psychological thrillera? | positive
lol fight club.. i dont see any resemblance | negative
pawan, its a good effort but it has a lot of resemblance to 'fight club'...hope you've seen that movie.. also 'manasaare' and 'one flew over the cuckoo's nest' were deeply connected.. manasare was written by u.. do write your opinion on this opinion.. clear the air.. | positive
totally new effort and nice one | positive
pawan y can't approach ur guru mr.bhatt, | positive
am the big fan of u pavan.....i want to produce your next movie ..plz give me a chance..plz contact me on 9241040442 | negative
grt pawan.. its gonna bring new era.. by trailer its giving the hope that its gonna be mix of drug mafia with love... hope it should have a thrilling screenplay with best cinematography... looks super pawan.. all the best... :) | positive
audio release ge wait maadta iddini.. specially " , !" ... have watched this trailer for long enough and watched 'the machinist' and 'tfc' and read the comments below.. sumne typing practise maadtira :p looks very promising and fresh ! all the best pawan.. p.s : eagerly waiting for my copy of pre-order :p | negative
a decent trailor pawan, please keep the movie nice. im a kannadiga who expect more than just remakes from kannada film industry. we are capable of more. please get new and talented kannada actors up.. i want to see a fantabulous kannada movie.. than remains in peoples mind.. mungaru male was the last such movie.. literally all i know have seen that movie (no region bar). all the best.. i will watch all kannada movie that is promising and a decent trial for awesomness. thank you | positive
trailer looks interesting.. eager to watch it. | negative
hi pawan is it possible to release in theatre in glasgow(uk) . i can watch in home talkies but like watch it in cinemas. i know very few kannada people staying here. just asking. but great work pawan waiting for this movie.... | positive
interesting film, and,amazing camera work... loved it.. | positive
loved it :) | positive
benki.i.i............. | negative
good | negative
suparrrrrr...... | negative
.... releasu?? | negative
mr sharp.. good you wish good for all .... i was in us too and if you idolize some one and he is called dude .. may be you can take it .. but certainly not his fans !!! definitely not me !!!! | negative
mr shar859 !!!!!! please keeep in mind .. pawan is our celebrity .. be fore making any unwarranted comments i suggest you not to use this forum .. he is not your "dude"... he is doing an outstanding job and is a great person!!!! please note he has taken time to respond to you here , that it self is exclamatory ... all the best to you and your friend!!! | positive
in us ah ? ... well i think its been used fairly every where .. ... mr pawan kumar is much better !!!! .... i fairly understood from the comments on whats happening.... silly is too subjective mr sharp .... | positive
the machinist !!! go home dude !! you are drunk ... the movie is not yet released , lets wait n see. at_user the trailer is really great !!!!! | negative
i think you started the issue here... in an attempt to get attention. this is the trailer of the film.. nothing to do with the singing competition.. so your first comment was totally unrelated and uncalled for. so my question is why bring it up here in the first place? unless you guys wanted some sympathy. and tht too after answering to ur friend personally in an email that the results will be announced at a later stage. she hasn"t made it. in bold and clear. pls convey the same. thank you. | positive
i hope u have seen the the machinist. | positive
ur friend didn't make it... she had the potential but after seeing the attitude that she has.. we are not going to support or promote or even call her in the future. and pls know and tell her that we can block her video of our song on grounds of copyright violation. but we wont do that... we will let her use it as her audition piece. but if this 'sympathy calls' crosses the limits, we will pull her video out. pls convey the same. | positive
even i hve heard few responses, maybe the original song was better than the responses!! | negative
a guy who makes a nice chair doesn't owe money to everyone who has ever built a chair. jesse eisenberg ...social network! just cos he suffers from insomnia doesn't mean its a rip off from machinist! resemblance is one thing ! rip off is another ! | negative
are u really from karnataka..???..........go get a life.....commenting twice wont affect the movie...... | negative
good trailer, though i wouldnt have included the eating by hand scene +/- washing scene as its slightly revolting. | positive
hai pawan,great effort...any way even i want to promote your movie without any expectation.i hve some new ideas ,if u don't mind u can contact me ....good luck ! | positive
please make this movie an inspiration to other film industry. trailer has nice art and visualization. awesome pavan. | positive
superb trailer! | positive
i was awaiting for the first look of this movie ever since it was announced...and it looks amazing!!! hats off to the team!! all the best!! | negative
, ! , ! .. but the tune and lyrics further are really catchy. | negative
amazing trailer, all the best | positive
, ! , ! , ! , ! ?! - | negative
amazing trailer, no spoilers, waitin to watch. hope this will be the answer to everyone who looks down upon kannada movies | positive
super pawan, bt stil expecting more frm u.., b wit kannada nativity.., eagerly waitin fr the movie | negative
superbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb!!!!!! luciya | negative
aaithu bidu anna... innu ee movie innu jasthi negative publicity mada bedi.. yeno navu dadda nan maklu nodi kushi padativi.. | positive
can't believe that you shot this whole movie with a 5d :d | negative
nt gud | negative
:) | negative
irli bidri! yaare koogadali, kempegowda antha direct remake chitragalige market irbekadre, yaavdo foreign language films jothege onde ondu aspect-nalli similarity iro chitra-na yaake thegalabeku? hengo nam industry kadak adre saak. | positive
wow ! trailer sakkathageno ide, movie bega release madrappo ! | negative
lsd | positive
flap | positive
out of the box thinker.. we r hea to watch such movies.. well done.. | negative
artha agalila but ista aithu | negative
super guru | positive
ya really nice trailer ,i think movie is also nice ,we r waiting for movie,really pawan's lucia rocks, what is the meaning of lucia | positive
it's a dream come true for you pawan, this is the result of what you pursued. good luck and success be with you in all your future endeavours. | positive
people who say kannada movies are not gud, herz the answer for it watch this trailor,, pawan bro all the best guarantee hit < we hav all support for u all time.. :-) | positive
tumba chennagide trailer. release yavaaga? | negative
very nice dear, nimma shrama saartakavaagali. | positive
superb trailer pavan all the best :) | positive
all the very best bro. proud to be a part of a kannada audience to watch a breakthrough after long trails of stereotypical kannada cinema. | positive
thank god...finally the movie trailer is out...we have lot of hopes on this move and we are sure that we will not be disappointed. | negative
for all those who think it is a remake of fight club..please do watch fight club again.first,the protagonist in fight club is not intoxicated,secondly insomnia is an universal disease and not necessary that it has to be driven from fight club.thirdly,edward norton has a tough time accepting himself so he creates an alter ego in the form of tyler durden who is nowhere like the punk guy in lucia.context of this movie is totally different and it is very unique.all d best pawan!really impressed! | positive
thanks for giving dis trailer | negative
yes, the few taxi driver, fight club influences are visible but what the heck. this looks really promising and fresh. love the crowd funding concept. waiting for its release. | negative
i love d trailer & dt sng ....... | negative
pawan sir.......love u...... after life istene one more rocking movie. waiting for release. please release it in hyderabad. | positive
did a pre-order.. | negative
be it inspired from fight club, be it limitless, be it machinist.. every movie is inspired from something. . and pawan is such a director that he has his own unique style of movie making.. i don't think he would copy something. . but sure he will give it a new definition. . anyway the concept is new to kannada. . i'll definitely watch it :) colorfull trailer :) all the best pawan at 1:52 the guy asks "who's this girl?" and that voice is directors'..!! | positive
at_user ur comments would have made some sense, if you had commented after watching the full movie....and then, coming to ur point, there are zillions of movies in hollywood which deals with insomnia concept... for example the classic de niro's taxi driver, nolan's "insomnia", as you mentioned fight club and the recent one "the girl with dragon tatoo" and all stories are different from each other... so, plz before shitting something in the internet, think twice... | positive
gud work ! waitin :) | positive
thanks for the trailer....... waiting to see the movie... thanks for upload...... | positive
no, looks like you haven't watched fight club (1999). machinist was inspired by fight club but this one above lucia appears like a fight club remake. valid points are as follows. the film clearly deals with insomnia like fight club. gaurish akki asks, is your girlfriend an imagination of yours, which is another plot twist from fight club. the tattooed punk in lucia trailer is like brad pitt's tyler durden. there is a projector in fight club just like the one above (may not be a valid point). | positive
2 people who disliked didnt sleep for nights.. :-p | negative
good cinematography. but looks like your movie is inspired by david fincher's fight club. | negative
superrrrrrrrrrrrrr | negative
superagede ............traileruuuu | negative
the heroine is cute... i will surely watch | positive
looks a lot like limitless | negative
super trailer boss, waiting to watch the full movie.............. | negative
waiting to watch either at talkies or @ home talkies :-) best of luck. | negative
super!!! waiting to watch! | negative
woh.. interest huttisbittte guru... eega movie nodade, nemmadi iraala.. | negative
this movie is free of stars and market pressures, which primarily controlling the content of the movies that we are watching today. the success of this project could create a parallel industry for kannada films making it fair and effective. any one with talent will be able to pursue a successful career in the film industry without having to worry about 'background'. !!! | positive
awsome... simply superb | positive
looks very creative...waiting forward for this movie!!!! and its pawan's ....!!! so it has to be good ... | positive
maaama.. ashten kick illvalla trailer alli!!!?? | positive
great to know that u got to know the twist from this trailer itself.. god bless you! | negative
super trailer rocks, will pre order the movie today :) awesome | positive
looks like a clear rip-off of the machinist (2004) | negative
hi sirr!! the trailer is really good...hope the movie is too...reminded me of bradley cooper's 'limitless'...hope its original...all the best :) | positive
expectations did't went wrong.. hope it will be the blockbuster of 2013 :) | positive
sooper | negative
wow | positive
i had so much expectations on lucia turned out to be simple kinda movie with little twist i watched many times to get feel of it but dont know there is little lag and not that great for sure to be very frank its doesnt create kick ass interest but above on par with other kannada movies for sure. will wait for movie. please note a very true and frank opinion from my side. | positive
hi pawan... you didn't disappoint us after your lifeoo istene... keep up the same quality what u hv shown in the trailer... quality share 90% of the whole film.. most of the kannada movies are fails becoz of quality even if they are good at story... i wish u best of luck... and i hv some good suggestions to give to kannada film industry... plz mail me on iammadhusudhanat_user when u r free... so we can discuss abt it... as i am nt fully dedicated to film industry... at least i can thru u ppl | positive
wooo... there s an anonymous associate producer | negative
awesome trailer pawan....i hope its original....:) | positive
wow super trailer all the best lucia team | positive
after watching it i came to know something.. one is satish will have a dream where he finds a girl n something strange.. he tries to see if thats girl n things really exist.. is it true?? | negative
superb.... | negative
borning video....!!! | negative
awesome!!! | negative
i cant believe its a kannada movie trailer... i will watch it for sure... all the best pawan :) | negative
we needed this kind of movies since 2004. :) :') . all the best :) | positive
.. ... .. ... ... :) | negative
.. .... .. .... .. ... .. ... ... ... ... ... .. ... ... ... :) | negative
superb | positive
icky alla! nikki :-p | positive
nice dialogues...... good luck to lucia team .. | positive
reminds me of dev d by anurag kashyap.. | positive
super! | negative
nee maayeyolago ninnolu maayeyo.. nice... | negative
looks more like hang over movie concept in india way...... | negative
excellent! | negative
trailer eno bombaat. picture kooda hage idre century ge mosa illa. | positive
all d frame filled with lots of colours...promone super...film should be superb..all the best | positive
1883 and counting... thumbs up for your effort.. all the best :) | negative
trailer really rocking boss. i think you shooted entire film with cannon 5 d camara is it right ? | positive
picture bahal cholo aitrippa all the best | negative
appreciate ur effort pawan, all d best :) | positive
superb pawan :)) all the best :) | positive
gr8 work pavan. hoping to watch it on big screen soon :) | negative
its nice .. hopes and expectations are increased after seeing this..... come soon on the screens... | positive
super pawan :) | positive
chindi guru!!!! | negative
detailin in every scene is very gud, probably the oly talented writer , director in the present genreation of kannada industry,. proud to be ur huge admirere pawan sir, lookin forward for the movie... | positive
ree pawan, balsiro bhashe tumbane chennagide...haage punching dialouges erutte ankondiddini.... overall, its come out good. hope this make a revolution in our industry. | positive
impressive trailer pawan.. really awesome trailer, looks promising.. hope movie is gonna rock | positive
looks promising | negative
@ 1:52 pawan kumar ?? | positive
sooper agide pawan! nangu aa haadu/lyrics thumba ishta aytu!! | negative
online distributor ? | negative
olle trailer, sir! haagene sharavana samasye iruvavarinda "special thanks" for the subtitles! subtitling related aagi enaadru help bekandre, dayavittu contact maadi. all the best! | negative
u just rockzing ... by the way ur guru ......! keeep rocking kfi .... jai karnatakamathi | positive
pawan... one of the first trailers i have seen which does not allow you to guess the story! other trailers make me guess the plot. but here, you keep guessing and guessing without any clues!!! - govinda gandhadagudi | negative
i watched lifu ishtene thrise in theatre only....hope lucia will be multiple times.. | positive
very very promising....looks like pawan is the next bing thing of kfi... | positive
mind blowin!! :) very good shot divisions...excellent camerawork and the story line and narration looks very interesting...hav watchd loads f psychological thrillers..and am a grt fan f ths genre...i can c the hollywood movies influence.. wil watch first day first show pakka....but dont dissapoint us in the climax :) cheerzzz | negative
awesome trailer!!. the song was too good.. waiting for audio release and the movie!! thumbs up!! | positive
sure will watch and take others to watch this movie | negative
really nice bro u hv worked so much nd. . . . . wel planed 2 give us such a movies thkq wish u a very all the best for u nd yur team members let all success b yur way. . . .we r waiting 4 it pawan, . . . . .yur nithin raju. . . :) | positive
good stuff! will watch it in the theatres. | positive
mind blowing... all the very best | positive
i really appreciate about the making you have done pawan , i love that song in video all the best!!! | positive
promising trailor, all the best lucia team. | positive
finally, a kannada movie to recommend & proud of. | positive
looks very promising 1 | negative
say: "fresh fresh fresh fresh trailer | positive
spell bound | negative
nice trailer :) | positive
its going to be a reality experience..gud luck.. | positive
for the first time, i see a off-bit and different stand and story line (away from swords) in kannada movie.. good going !! | negative
nice trailer... but i can judge the story by watching the trailer. | positive
looks awesome! got to see it first day first show! | negative
ok ok ..!!! nt tat gud ..!!! visual clarity cud hve been better its somewat dull..!!! | positive
change video quality at right bottom to 1080p u can watch in hd quality | negative
